## Code Analysis

### Background
This module analyzes a project's source code and generates a results.csv file that contains metrics related to 9 code 
smells that include Large Class, Small Class, Large Method, Small Method, Large Parameter List, God Class, 
Inappropriate Intimacy, Comment-to-code ratio (upper and lower bounds).

This module uses a 3rd party tool to perform analysis on the code. The wrapper is basically an interface to filter 
out the results generated from SourceMeter 8.2.0. SourceMeter performs many different types of analysis on the supplied 
code base project directory.

As of the latest release, the Code Analysis module only analyzes Java projects and Python projects. 

 
### Usage:
*Before using the Source Meter Wrapper, please ensure that Source Meter has been downloaded and set up. For setup, please
visit the 'Code Analysis User Guide' here: https://github.com/obahy/Susereum/wiki/Code-Analysis-User-Guide*

The `src/sourceMeterWrapper.py` module is the main point of entry for Code Analysis. To use it you must use the command line in the following manner:
 
`$ python sourceMeterWrapper.py (<GitHub Repo URL> | <System Path to Local Project>) <Path where to save results.csv file>`
 
Notice there are two parameters when running `sourceMeterWrapper.py`.
 
1. `GitHub Repo URL` or `System Path to Local Project`:
    - `GitHub Repo URL`: A valid URL to a GitHub repository or a valid GitHub repository commit URL.
    - `System Path to Local Project`: A local system path to a project that is stored locally on the machine running analysis.

2. `Path where to save results.csv file`: This is the local system path directory where the result CSV file should be saved to.

### File Descriptions (for files in src/)
#### `constants.py`
This file contains pre-defined constants that save information about where the Source Meter directory is located, as well
as the binary executables for Java and Python analysis. The following constants may need to be changed, depending on your usage:
- `SOURCE_METER_DIR_NAME`: This string should correlate to the directory name of the extracted Source Meter file you 
have downloaded. 
- `CLEAN_UP_SM_FILES`: This is a boolean value (True/False) that determines whether files that are generated by the 
third-party tool Source Meter are to be deleted after analysis has been completed. 
- `CLEAN_UP_REPO_FILES`: This is a boolean value (True/False) that determines whether files that were cloned during
the analysis process are to be deleted after analysis has been completed. 

#### `sourceMeterWrapper.py`
Given a valid GitHub repository URL or system path to a project, and a path where to store results, this module 
automates the analysis of a project and consolidation of pre-specified metrics.

